Add MULTIDRIVEN checks for clocking block outputs (#7987)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/warnings.rst

        q <= d;
      end

   A further case is when a signal named as a clocking block ``output``

>    (IEEE 1800-2023 14.3) is also driven by a continuous assignment, or is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A further case is when a signal named as a clocking block ``output``
   is also driven by a continuous assignment, or is
```

   .. include:: ../../docs/gen/ex_MULTIDRIVENPROC_msg.rst

   Also warns when a signal named as a clocking block ``output`` is driven
   by a plain ``always`` block. Driving a signal from both a clocking block
   and a plain ``always`` block is a deliberate idiom in some testbenches,

>    so it is reported here rather than under the on-by-default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and a plain ``always`` block is a deliberate idiom in some testbenches,
   so it is reported as MULTIDRIVENPROC rather than under the on-by-default
```
